QuickStart doc for the the content management (#400)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/doc-Content_Management_Guide/topics/QuickStart.adoc

[[Syncing_Centos_Stream]]
== Syncing/Creating {customcontenttitle}

> This chapter outlines how you can manage Centos Streams {customcontent} of different types to {Project}. We will over the following steps.

Author: > notice that in this Quickstart there is no mention of CVs, for example, so I imagine we are not talking about complex workflows.

Yup. This is a really basic **I have a host somewhere in my network and I want a that host to be managed by content-enabled foreman. Show me the simplest way to do this.**

> This chapter outlines how you can manage Centos Streams {customcontent} of different types to {Project}. We will over the following steps.

Author: Add a context on the audience in the doc itself (who is the quick start intended for..).

* Create `Custom` Repositories to mirror content from the Centos Stream
* Synchronize the Content
* Setup `Activation Keys`
* Register Hosts to consume this content.
* Manage Hosts, install/update/or remove rpms on `Host` via `katello-agent`

> == Create repositories to synchronize

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Creating repositories to synchronize
```

As a first step we need to let {Project} discover available repositories in the Centos stream. We then pick the repositories to mirror and bundle them into a Product.

.Procedure
. In the {Project} web UI, navigate to *Content* > *Products*
. Click *Repo Discovery*.
. In the *Repository Type* field, choose *Yum Repositories*.

> . In the *URL to Discover* field, enter the Centos Stream url `http://mirror.centos.org/centos/8-stream`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *URL to Discover* field, enter the Centos Stream URL `http://mirror.centos.org/centos/8-stream`.
```

. Click *Discover*.

> . Once the repository discovery process is complete you should be able to list of repositories found under that url.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
We don't document steps where the user doesn't do anything, so just removing this :)

. Select `/AppStream/x86_64/os/` and `/BaseOS/x86_64/os/` repositories.
. Click *Create Selected*. This will enable you to create the repositories. However before creation we need  to point this group of repositories to a new product.
. In the *Product* field choose *New Product*
. In the *Name* field enter *Centos Stream* or desired product name.

> . Click *Run Repository Creation*. This should successfully create 2 repositories under the given product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Run Repository Creation*. 
```

> _Note_ while repo discovery provides a convenient way to enable/create multiple repositories in one go, you could manually create the product and repositories directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: 
While repo discovery provides a convenient way to enable and create multiple repositories, you can also manually create the product and repositories directly.
```

== Examine the generated entities

> In this section we will examine the repositories we created.

Reviewer: Why is this important? What is the goal?

. Navigate to *Content* > *Products*
. Select the *Centos Stream* product that we created.

> . Notice the 2 repositories with names *AppStream x86_64 os* and *BaseOS x86_64 os*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Note the two repositories:  *AppStream x86_64 os* and *BaseOS x86_64 os*
```

> . Click on *AppStream x86_64 os*. This should take you to the Repository Details page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click on *AppStream x86_64 os*. 
```

. Notice that the *Upstream URL* is set to `http://mirror.centos.org/centos/8-stream/AppStream/x86_64/os/` and the *Type* is set to *yum*

> 

Reviewer: I suggest we delete this section and just mention they can inspect the repos if they want.

> == Pull the content from upstream repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Synchronizing content from the Centos Stream repository
```

> In this section we will pull and the mirror the contents of the upstream centos repositories. This is accomplished by the *Synchronization* action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following procedure to synchronize and mirror the contents of the upstream CentOS repositories to {Project}.
```

> . Navigate to *Content* > *Products*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the {Project} web UI, navigate to
```

. Select the *Centos Stream* product that we created.

> . Notice the 2 repositories with names *AppStream x86_64 os* and *BaseOS x86_64 os*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Find the *AppStream x86_64 os* and *BaseOS x86_64 os* repositories.
```

> . Click on *AppStream x86_64 os*. This should take you to the Repository Details page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click on *AppStream x86_64 os*. 
```

> . Notice that the *Upstream URL* is set to `http://mirror.centos.org/centos/8-stream/AppStream/x86_64/os/` and the *Type* is set to *yum*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Ensure that the *Upstream URL* is set to `http://mirror.centos.org/centos/8-stream/AppStream/x86_64/os/` and the *Type* is set to *yum*
```

. Select both repositories
. Click *Sync Now*
. Examine the repository counts after sync.

== Create Activation Key

> In this section  we will create an *Activation Key* that can be used to register a host to {Project}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this procedure to create an *Activation Key* that can be used to register a host to {Project}.
```

. In the {Project} web UI, navigate to *Content* > *Activation keys* and click *Create Activation Key*.
. In the *Name* field, enter the name of the activation key.
. In the *Description* field, enter a description for the activation key.
. From the *Environment* list, select the *Library*.
. From the *Content View* list, select *Default Organization View*.
. Click *Save*.

. Click on the *Subscriptions* tab on the Activation Key's details page.

> . Click on the *Add* tab. This should list a set of product subscriptions that would automatically apply when a host is registered to {Project}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click on the *Add* tab.
```

. Select all the product subscriptions in the table.
. Click *Add Selected* to save.

== Host registration

> In this section we will use the Activation key we just created to register the content host to {Project}

Reviewer: I blinked an missed the host creation? :)
